Document installation from source git repository (#1187)
theforeman/foreman-ansible-modules: README.md

After installing the RPM, you can use the modules in the same way as when they are installed directly from Ansible Galaxy.

## Installation From Source

> For development or testing purposes, you can install the collection from sources. For production usage, see the instructions above on installing the latest stable release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For development or testing purposes, you can install the collection from source git repository. For production usage, see the instructions above on installing the latest stable release.
```

Author: Addressed here, and in the commit message as well.

### Installation from Github Repository

With Ansible >= 2.10, you can install from a Github repository (such as this one or your fork):

`ansible-galaxy collection install git+https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-ansible-modules.git`

Using SSH instead of HTTPS, you can do:

`ansible-galaxy collection install git@github.com/theforeman/foreman-ansible-modules.git`

You can also specify a branch to use such as `devel`:

`ansible-galaxy collection install git+https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-ansible-modules.git,devel`

To install from a `requirements.yml` file (useful when installing multiple collections) add a snippet to your `requirements.yml` like

```yml
---
collections:
  - name: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-ansible-modules.git
    type: git
    version: devel
```

And install all specified requirements with `ansible-galaxy install -r requirements.yml`

### Building and Installing the Collection Locally

> For older versions of Ansible (< 2.10) where the above approach is not yet supported, you can build the collection locally:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For all versions of Ansible (including < 2.10; where the above approach is not yet supported), you can build the collection locally:
```

Technically i think this is limited to >= 2.8 ...

Author: Thanks! With the latest update, I've been more clear and specific with language here, and in a few other spots.
